---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/safety-committee/meeting-minutes-archive/2025/2-fg-400-002-february-safety-committee-meeting-minutes/"}
---


**Date: \<  21 February 2025   \>**

**Attendees: \< Jacob Roch, Cali Avila, Adrian Leon, Dacian Garhartt, Dan Sullivan, Deb Bridges from Safety Northwest \>**

**Agenda/Meeting Minutes**

**1\. Review Previous Safety Committee Meeting Minutes**  
	No issues to follow up on. Safety Northwest just finished an all-staff general safety meeting.

2\. **Review Monthly Safety Inspection**  
No issues found.

**3\. Review Accidents During the Month**  
[FG-400-011 Initial Incident Report Form (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qhFb4CjtyblHLBQFcpmlLwKVmGZmPZd-C_cwekRbHzI/edit#gid=1180033484)  

|  | Actions to Prevent Future Occurrence |  |  |
| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Incident | Who has responsibility for follow up | What is to be done | Time frame for completion |
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |

4\. **Review “Near Misses” During the Month**  
Some shaky carts \- we will look into replacing the wheels on the other carts (Daryll)

**5\. Review Drills During the Month**  
None to be reviewed.

6\. **Conduct Training/ Review OSHA Program of the Month**  
From [FG-400-001 Health and Safety Manual](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17PLg67PPgVzezy2jOgNhPnBk570CAXbHKpgx8PzAhUE/edit) copied 6-18-15

| January | (open) Blood-borne pathogens |
| :---- | :---- |
| February | [Emergency Response Program](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eOrFg6CRircCLmtmwN9_rPoYKGtRgl0dL8JaOqR6zWg/edit?usp=sharing) |
| March | [Housekeeping](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1a_DIqJVYY1NRrA26uFA3JcVau0VbqnDZBogxjU-xahs&authuser=1) |
| April | General Safety Training & [Forklift Training](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1noeDWTLo6pvWsH6RUx4BSFuE2Sh3A5x--hDdxmFblYE/edit?usp=sharing) |
| May | Audit Incidents  \- Stress and mental Health |
| June | Heat Illness |
| July | [PPE Program](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U9HNpSD8ztyEv0vkKZla3X4L5n6IMZbSYtC4edN41W8/edit?usp=sharing) |
| August	 | Medical Services and First Aid |
| September | [Injury and Illness Prevention Program](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cDp1-OItcUcI6SwlAzqRWVlNtJLtPWG5j90m-hOyZ2Y&authuser=1) |
| October | [Right To Know/Hazard Communication Program](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1xCvPT-p3MEJE-CQUO4YgHFBzdH7u0mz4UeE_MpYr-CQ&authuser=1) |
| November | [Fire Prevention Plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eOrFg6CRircCLmtmwN9_rPoYKGtRgl0dL8JaOqR6zWg/edit?usp=sharing) |
| December | (Open) \- Icy weather safety |

7\. **New Topics/Concerns**

	Jacob Roch will be stepping down as chair of the Safety Committee, Dacian will be replacing them.

***8\. Ask all present – Are you aware of any situation or condition in your work area that could result in someone getting injured?** If Yes, document and develop an Action Item to address the issue. Include who is responsible to complete, what is to be done and the time frame for completion.*

Dan expressed concern over blind corners in halls \- more mirrors could be a good solution, and will look into other possible solutions.

Dacian expressed concern over forklift maintenance, establish a schedule for maintenance. It still needs some work, F/R switch making noise. (Truck as well.)

Will look into getting larger sand buckets (sealed), as well as fire blankets for lithium batteries.

Will look into getting new griptape applied to stairs. Yellow or pink?

