---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/safety-committee/meeting-minutes-archive/2025/fg-400-002-october-safety-committee-meeting-minutes/"}
---


**Date: \<10/31/25 \>**

**Attendees: \<Dacian, Adrian, Cali, Kady, Caesar, Darryl\>**

**Agenda/Meeting Minutes**

**1\. Review Previous Safety Committee Meeting Minutes**

2\. **Review Monthly Safety Inspection**

**3\. Review Accidents During the Month**  
[FG-400-011 Initial Incident Report Form (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qhFb4CjtyblHLBQFcpmlLwKVmGZmPZd-C_cwekRbHzI/edit#gid=1180033484)  

|  | Actions to Prevent Future Occurrence |  |  |
| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Incident | Who has responsibility for follow up | What is to be done | Time frame for completion |
| Razor cuts x2 | Cali ordered new razorblade holders for SDA Will follow up if incidents continue to occur for training/retraining required  | Already got razorblade safety writeups from the last meeting. What else are we missing? |  |
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |

4\. **Review “Near Misses” During the Month**

	N/A

**5\. Review Drills During the Month**

Darryl did walkthrough for safety 10/30/25

6\. **Conduct Training/ Review OSHA Program of the Month**  
From [FG-400-001 Health and Safety Manual](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17PLg67PPgVzezy2jOgNhPnBk570CAXbHKpgx8PzAhUE/edit) copied 6-18-15

| January | (open) Blood-borne pathogens |
| :---- | :---- |
| February | [Emergency Response Program](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eOrFg6CRircCLmtmwN9_rPoYKGtRgl0dL8JaOqR6zWg/edit?usp=sharing) |
| March | [Housekeeping](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1a_DIqJVYY1NRrA26uFA3JcVau0VbqnDZBogxjU-xahs&authuser=1) |
| April | General Safety Training & [Forklift Training](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1noeDWTLo6pvWsH6RUx4BSFuE2Sh3A5x--hDdxmFblYE/edit?usp=sharing) |
| May | Audit Incidents  \- Stress and mental Health |
| June | Heat Illness |
| July | [PPE Program](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U9HNpSD8ztyEv0vkKZla3X4L5n6IMZbSYtC4edN41W8/edit?usp=sharing) |
| August	 | Medical Services and First Aid |
| September | [Injury and Illness Prevention Program](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cDp1-OItcUcI6SwlAzqRWVlNtJLtPWG5j90m-hOyZ2Y&authuser=1) |
| October | [Right To Know/Hazard Communication Program](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1xCvPT-p3MEJE-CQUO4YgHFBzdH7u0mz4UeE_MpYr-CQ&authuser=1) |
| November | [Fire Prevention Plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eOrFg6CRircCLmtmwN9_rPoYKGtRgl0dL8JaOqR6zWg/edit?usp=sharing) |
| December | (Open) \- Icy weather safety |

7\. **New Topics/Concerns**

*SafetyNW portal access granted to Dacian*  
*Additional above linked documents Cali provided access to Dacian*

*New building walkthrough for safety committee*

*ICE harassment in Lents area, concern acknowledged by leadership for our handling of securing the building (pop up shop inside warehouse)*

*Ladder safety, signed by IT staff, etc*  
*Cali will provide ladder safety training to Dacian and Kady*

*Bikeroom space, Adrian will set aside time for Dacian to disassemble that ebike*  
*Aware of Theo’s e-moped taking up space*

*Broken pallets, being used for firewood (month ago)*  
*Cali will coordinate with Brandon, use McGuire’s pile?*

*Possible cold hazards in warehouse in winter, heater?*  
*Concerns about moving timeline, overlap, can take heaters with us*  
*Air curtains in new place for garage doors?*

*Additional battery box for HWT requested.*  
*Adrian will order.*

*Pallet safety training for warehouse, identifying good/bad pallets. Not leaning against a wall.*  
*Yaz was building out documentation for hazards. Need to get access so Dacian can integrate it to the Obsidian. Cali will follow up.*

***8\. Ask all present – Are you aware of any situation or condition in your work area that could result in someone getting injured?** If Yes, document and develop an Action Item to address the issue.  Include who is responsible to complete, what is to be done and the time frame for completion.*

